---
title: about
tags: 'about Dave'
snip: "I'm an INTJ"
date: 2014-12-10 00:32 UTC
layout: blog_post
blog: notes
---

I'm an INTJ and my introverted nature tends to think I shouldn't be so forward with my thoughts and views. Translate: I go back and forth between merging personal and professional content on the same site. But I like what Peter Drucker says about people...

> You can't have the hand without the body.

Since you're on my site then I assume you'd like to learn something about me. 

Coding is my third career. In college, I made t-shirts for friends and fun. Then, I started getting requests from bands to design and print t-shirts for them. That turned into about a 15 year career in apparel with experience designing, selling, touring, art directing, and eventually owning 2 apparel companies. My last one, [AMB3R](http://www.amb3r.com), I sold in 2012 to become a full time web developer. 

I lacked financial understanding because I spent so much time in the sales and creative departments. So, I got a Masters in Fianance to offset my creative side. I like knowing how numbers work but I could never see myself in a primarily 'financial' position.

It wasn't until about 2008 that I started joking with my friends by saying, _"You know, I think the Internet is here to stay."_ They wondered why they were just realizing how slow I was. My point was that I knew how to consume it, but I had no clue how it all worked. I spent a better part of the previous 15 years focused on apparel and print designs. We mailed brochures and made phone calls. My exposure to SAAS and online project management began in 2007 with an intro to [Basecamp](http://www.basecamp.com). From there, my entire view of life began to change.

<!-- I find that I think of things in 3's. To me a balance life juggles three things; Personal activity, Relational activities, and Responsibilities.

I like creating new things and in the past year I've created 2 board games, a [greeting card site](http://www.feather.cards), and some collectors cards. I've tried to blog over the years but I was never satisfied with how they were managed or laid out. This is probably my 4th personal site and one that seems to have most potential for a blog. I write to process and start conversations to learn from.
 -->

I'm a software Engineer at LivingSocial and I love learning the real perspective of web apps. That the customer only sees 1% - 5% of what an app does. The real work is what's below the surface.
