source/blog/2014-12-09-diy-blog.html.markdown, before:

---
title: diy blog
snip: 'sub-title'
tags: middleman
type: 'tutorial, tool, quote, photo, reference, asset, shortcut'
format: 'video, text, image, interactive, course'
date: 2014-12-09 23:48 UTC
layout: blog_post
blog: notes
published: false
image: 'heros/joke.png'
caption: 'a photo caption goes here'
---

I decide to build my own blog again. THis is the third time I've set out to do so. The first time was a word press site to blog about my learning of ruby at code acatemdy. Then, I built a rails app.

This time i'm making a middleman app and the reasons for the switch are;
- static site
- easy to manage

There are reasons I would encourage making a blog from scratch
- you don't have to worry that your content is really the social media's content. but you can use those other blogs as ways to market your blog if you're into that sort of thing
- you will learn about coding and non-coding things;

coding;
- frontend assets
- middleman

non-coding
content strategy and flow
design
user interaction with your content.

Commit message:

Switch Blog tags to ‘tone’

source/blog/2014-12-09-diy-blog.html.markdown, after:

---
title: diy blog
snip: 'sub-title'
tags: "How I made this site."
type: 'tutorial, tool, quote, photo, reference, asset, shortcut'
format: 'video, text, image, interactive, course'
date: 2014-12-09 23:48 UTC
layout: blog_post
blog: notes
published: false
image: 'heros/joke.png'
caption: 'a photo caption goes here'
---

I decide to build my own blog again. THis is the third time I've set out to do so. The first time was a word press site to blog about my learning of ruby at code acatemdy. Then, I built a rails app.

This mutant blog of mine was built using [middleman](http://www.middlemanapp.com) I've been building a static middleman site for a while now. I have the typical site content; pages, posts, index, images.

This time i'm making a middleman app and the reasons for the switch are;
- static site
- easy to manage

There are reasons I would encourage making a blog from scratch
- you don't have to worry that your content is really the social media's content. but you can use those other blogs as ways to market your blog if you're into that sort of thing
- you will learn about coding and non-coding things;

coding;
- frontend assets
- middleman

non-coding
content strategy and flow
design
user interaction with your content.
